  At a local superrnarket, two women push half-lilled grocery cart. The ladies are good friends, but they couldn't be more different. One is a stay-at-home housewife who loves to create culinary masterpieces from scratch. The other is a training supervisor at a prestigious advertising agency. Household chores particularly those in the kitchen, are not her idea of fun. The two ladies stop for a moment in the frozen foods section. "I'm so tired," sighs the professional woman. "I don't know what to do about supper. Her friend suggests, "What about a microwave dinner?" The weary professional sighs，I don't feel like cooking tonight. "
  If you think American cooking means opening a package and tossing the eontents into the mierowave, think again. On the one hand, it's bue that Americans thrive on cold cereal for breakfast, sandwiches for lunch and instant dinners From busy homemakers to professional people, many Americans enjoy the conve-nience of prepackaged meals that can be ready to serve in 10 minutes or less. On the other hand, many Americans recognize the value of cooking skills. Parents -especially moLhers -see Lhe impor-Lance of training their children -especially daughters- in the culinary arls. Most Americans will admit that Lhere's nothing better than a good home-cooked meal. But with cooking, as wiLh any other skill, good results don't happen by accident.
  For those who need guidance in their woking，or for those who have just run out of ideas, recipes are lifesavers. Recipes list all the ingredients for a dish (generally in the order used), the amount of each to use, and a description of how to put them together. Finding recipes in America is as easy as pie. Most good cooks have a shelf full of eookbooks ranging from loeally published recipe colleetions to national beslsellers like the Betty Croeker cookbook. Magazines devoted to home management, such as Good Housekeeping and Family Circle , are chock-full of scrumptious selections. Friends often augment their recipe collection by passing around their favorites written on eards.
  For experieneed eooks, true arlists thal they are, recipes are merely reference points. They often make adjustments as they go along, depending on the quantity of people they need to serve，the ingredients they have available and their personal taste. Some cooks use recipes very little， preferring inslead to depend on their inluiliun as they add a pinch of this and a dash of that to creale just the righl fla vors.
  Of course, Americans don't have a corner on the market when it comes to good cooking. Wherever you go in the world, people love to eat. As a result, every culture and nationality has its own share of mouth-watering delicacies. And America, as a "land of immigrants," has imported practically all varieties of cooking. Most good cooks in America are "fluent" in severcooking "dialecls": Mexican, Italian, Chinese and old good American style, just to name a few. But whatever the dialect, cooking is a language everyone understands.