  Australia's premier city is the oldest settlement in Australia， the economic powerhouse of the nation.
  The Sydney area was the ancestral home of the Daruk tribe， whose territory extended from Botany Bay to Pittwater.
  There are some 2000 Aboriginal rock engraving sites in the Sydney area， and many of Sydney's suburbs have Aboriginal
  names. The city of Sydney began life as a penal colony in 1788， and for the next 60 years received the unwanted，
  persecuted and criminal elements of British society. Despite its brutal beginnings， the city's mixture of pragmatic
  egalitarianism and plain indifference has transformed it into a thriving multicultural society. Sydney now attracts
  the majority of Australia's immigrants and the city's predominantly Anglo-Irish heritage has been revitalized by large
   influxes of Italian， Lebanese， Turkish， Greek， Chinese and Vietnamese.
  The centre of Sydney is on the south shore of the harbour， about 7km (4mi) inland from the harbour heads. The CBD has
  become a mini Manhattan of skyscrapers vying for dominance and harbour views， but its relentlessness is softened by
  shady Hyde Park and the Domain parkland to the east， Darling Harbour to the west and the main harbour to the north.
  The Sydney Harbour Bridge and the harbour tunnel link the city centre with the satellite CBD of North Sydney and the
  suburbs of the North Shore. The city's airport， Kingsford Smith (otherwise known as Mascot)， is about 10km south of
  the city centre. Central Station， Sydney's main train station， is in the south of the city centre， and the main bus
   terminal is just outside it.
  The city has a population of 3.7 million and is growing fast.
  The harbour is the focal point of the city， and its beaches， coves， bays and waterside parks offer welcome release
   from the rigours  of urban life. Criss-crossed by ferries and carpeted by yachts on weekends， it is both the city
   playground and a major port. The string of ocean beaches on the north and south shores offer dramatic cliff scenery，
   great waves and a close-up of Aussie beach culture at its best.Kings Cross is the city's budget accommodation centre.
    There are heaps of good restaurants in Darlinghurst， Kings Cross， Paddington and Glebe， and a few around Circular
    Quay. For cafes，try Oxford and Victoria Sts in Darlinghurst， Stanley St in East Sydney， King St in Newtown or
    Norton St in Leichhardt. Sydney's theatres are scattered around the edge of the CBD， the Opera House is on the edge
    of Circular Quay. The best nightlife is centred on Oxford St and Kings Cross. Louts in the city centre on Friday and
    Saturday night can make it a less than enjoyable experience. The Rocks can be fun， but the area is overtly aimed at tourists.