  The north side of hanbury street is now covered by the sprawling mass of the buildings that were formerly the truman brewery. It was built on the site of number 29 hanbury street, in the back yard of which at around 6am on 8th September 1888, the body of Annie Chapman, jack the ripper's second victim was discovered.
  At 6am on 8th September 1888 John Davis, an elderly resident of 29 hanbury street came downstairs, walked along the narrow passageway and opened the back door. The sight that he saw shook him to the core. Moments later two workmen walking along hanbury street were suddenly startled when the door of number 29 burst open and a wild eyed old man stumbled into the street. "Men" he cried "come here." Nervously they followed him along the passageway and looking into the yard saw the mutilated body of annie chapman.
  Her dress had been pulled up around her knees, exposing her striped stockings. A deep cut had slashed across her throat; her intestines had been tugged out and laid across her shoulder. Missing from the body were the uterus and part of the bladder. The contents of her pocket were found lying in a neat pile near to the body. The brass rings that she had been wearing at the time of her death had evidently been torn from her fingers and were never discovered. and, just a few feet away from the body, there lay a folded and wet leather apron.
  At 6am on 8th september 1888 john davis, an elderly resident of 29 hanbury street came downstairs, walked along the narrow passageway and opened the back door. The sight that he saw shook him to the core. moments later two workmen walking along hanbury street were suddenly startled when the door of number 29 burst open and a wild eyed old man stumbled into the street. "Men" he cried "come here." Nervously they followed him along the passageway and looking into the yard saw the mutilated body of annie chapman.
  Her dress had been pulled up around her knees, exposing her striped stockings. A deep cut had slashed across her throat; her intestines had been tugged out and laid across her shoulder. Missing from the body were the uterus and part of the bladder. The contents of her pocket were found lying in a neat pile near to the body. The brass rings that she had been wearing at the time of her death had evidently been torn from her fingers and were never discovered. And, just a few feet away from the body, there lay a folded and wet leather apron.