  Love.. what is love? A lot of people shared their views to what Love really is, or at least what Love is in their eyes. Perhaps love is just an illusion. A strong illusion, especially for those who are searching for a purpose of life. Is love an answer? Love can be wonderful, special, complicated, a distress, a gift, a curse, a tragedy, and most of all, an experience.
  Love is a mysterious and a complicated force. What do a person mean when they say they love someone? Love is many different things. Each of us have our own understanding of Love is, and most of the time we base our definitions from feelings and experiences. The book defines love in many ways. "It is a strong affection for another arising out of kinship or personal ties." It can be an affection and tenderness felt by lovers. Love is the object of attachment, devotion, or admiration.
  Just when we thought we finally grasp what love is, somebody asks:
  "Does anyone really know what 'LOVE' mean? I believe I have a true love, but 'True love' is always hurt, isn't it?"
  I scratches my head with this thought and began to wonder. What is the answer to this? "This I have to know!" I said to myself. I looked in the mirror and asked "Is it a true love when you know you want to live with this special person for the rest of your life? Have we reached 'true love' when we are ready to give everything away towards our subject? or maybe when can go as far as to sacrifice ourselves for our love? What about love as an obsession? Is that possible?
  "But isn't love suppose to be an obsession? If it is not, then you'd have to rationalize. If you rationalize then it's not love, because there is always a better rationalization."
  "I think the "in love" phase is obsessive but according to Williamson (and backed up by my paltry experience), love does not involve the ego, is selfless and the opposite of obsession."
  According to Marriane Williamson, the author of "A Return to Love," there is a "holy love" and a "special love." "The latter type is the obsessiveone; finding that one 'special' person absorbs ALL your attention."
  So who is right and who is wrong about love? There is no wrong answer. Love is many wonderful things. Love may not work out all the time but it leaves you a special sort of feeling, like nothing you have ever imagined. Is love a purpose of life? I think are life will be dull without it. But is it necessary? Important? It is a part of life, and forever it will be a part of us.